what's up welcome to on the road Asia
this is a very first tour of 2014 I'll
walk you right now through the gates of
the Emperor's Palace in Japan in Tokyo
you're going to see electro xbox live
here in Tokyo and Osaka then hit the KL
follow them for Malaysia and end it off
in Vietnam
ha
Oh
you
Dominus special even it's comedy
Stilo keep in the BP Stevo Saunders
click on month ichibon ichibon-bon on
using this co local stops to is the
biggest like party animal I encountered
bus here what country was she or he from
the biggest party animal
you know I said one of my favorite party
buddies a little John a little zone told
ya cuz he can't drink like a fish and
and he's a nice thing is not big and
you're like how do you drink so much
just like shots shots y'all so much
now you don't know me lightning above in
a fire below me cannot catch me cannot
hold me that's that much less control me
when it rains it pours when the
floodgates
Oh
shopping
the Shinkansen bullet train all the way
to Osaka that's training the world
beer Australia beer might not Australia
right now we're in year 2500 and this is
my studio and in this time it's a much
different way of producing you don't
actually have to touch a computer
anything you just think about it like
this
whoa I just made a brand new track this
is what it sounds like
of Japan and tomorrow we head up Kuala
Lumpur Malaysia I love that place my
favorite place in playing Asia
and dumber
Oh
hey this is Steve Aoki click on one of
the links to see more of my videos and
don't forget to subscribe to see my
newest stuff as soon as it's released